What you’ll be doing...
As a data scientist, you will be ensuring that analytics drive continuous business improvements, bringing more profitable growth and an even better customer experience. You’ll define the analytics strategy and champion that strategy across the business, in order to create buy-in for data-driven decision making. Your end goal is to recommend improvements that will go straight to the bottom line, by helping us serve our customers.
Partner with others to understand business challenges.
Design creative approaches to uncover the biggest opportunities for cost and time savings.
Define and drive the analytics strategy and modeling approaches.
Support business cases and translating findings into practical business implications.
Influence the adoption of analytics in decision making.
What we’re looking for...
You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You’re a creative thinker who likes to explore and uncover the issues. You are decisive. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups.
You’ll need to have:
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Experience in applying statistical ideas and methods to data sets to answer business problems.
Experience with visual science or dashboard design principles.
Experience with general purpose programming languages (Python, R, etc.)
Even better if you have:
Degree in mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, or economics.
Experience with Tableau or similar visual analysis tool, optimization, analytics and large data sets, developing visually compelling interactive dashboards.
Project management experience.
Strong understanding of database concepts (Oracle, MS SQL, generic SQL, etc.).
Strong understanding of data warehouse and data lake architecture (Teradata, Hadoop).
Good understanding of third party analytic tools.
Experience with shell scripting tools in Windows, Linux/Unix is a plus.
Experience with data aggregating tools such as SPLUNK is a plus.
When you join Verizon...
You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.
Equal Employment Opportunity
We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.