OVERVIEWWho We AreWe’re NT Concepts, a leading provider of business and technology solutions for the intelligence and national security communities! Our team of engineers, subject matter experts, and data scientists provide experienced, high-quality Information Technology (IT) and cybersecurity engineering and innovation support. We do that by working with some complex clients on their hardest challenges. Clients with massive, complex data sets. So we get to keep learning, building, and keeping our skills sharp. And since life’s too short to spend with difficult people, we hire team members that not only like to solveproblems, but that we like so hang out with. That's important.RESPONSIBILITIESAnd… Why We’re Both Here - This “Job” ThingHere it is: we have some opportunities. And we’d like to get to know some more amazing people, that might want to talk about that. People like you. Since you’re reading this, and the title’s “data scientist,” we’re thinking you might be a little interested. Very cool.We love people who dream big, find data fascinating, and understand that’s it’s not just about data: it’s about the science behind it, and how you can use it to solve real-world problems. We've got some tricky time-series data on this particular project and are looking for creative minds in the deep learning space to tackle it. (Also, if you happen to have some level of talent at, say kick-ball or giant Jenga: bonus points).QUALIFICATIONSWho You AreOkay, beyond the basics (you solve problems, and are generally nice), we’re looking for a few skills. Less concerned with the specific technologies (great scientists can learn new tech as it emerges), more about horsepower.. That said, here are a couple bullets, things we look for:Data science is a dynamic and evolving profession – we’re looking for people who love to learn and find unique solutions without being micro-managed: you’ll have the freedom to try new things, test solutions and technologies, and tell us when there’s a better path.You know your way around a cloud console and have handled some pretty large volumes of data (time-series a plus!).You are familiar with a few machine learning frameworks, like TensorFlow or PyTorch.You've got experience with deep learning.Maybe you have used enterprise products in the past for high throughput data ingestion and analysis.Ultimately, we need someone who knows their way around data modeling, information extraction, time-series forecasting, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, or applied mathematics.We realize that data scientists are a diverse breed and we are excited to hear how your unique combination of skills might apply to our current problem setsRequired:Secret clearance required, higher clearance preferredBachelor's degree in a technical fieldJob Type: Full-timeWork authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One location